feat(OHI PostgreSQL): Added branching doc structure (#16089)
newrelic/docs-website: src/install/postgresql/default-requirements.mdx

---
headingText: Check the compatibility and requirements
componentType: default
---

> * Our integration is compatible with PostgreSQL until version 16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Our integration is compatible with PostgreSQL version 15.6 and lower. 
```

Reviewer: I always forget about this style guide rule! https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/style-guide/word-choice/usage-dictionary/#version

Author: Good catch!
